Ms graph user update commands (#16659)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftGraphUser/ReleaseNotes/1_4_0.md

#### Integrations
##### Azure Active Directory Users
- Deprecated the ***msgraph-user-terminate-session*** command. Use the ***msgraph-user-account-disable*** command instead.

> - Added a new command ***msgraph-user-session-revoke*** which revoke a user session.

Reviewer: please mark the first line as a breaking change
```suggestion
- Added the ***msgraph-user-session-revoke*** command which revokes all existing sessions for a given user.
```
